did you know rule on the kitchen in
Nobuhiro Watsuki other franchise buso
Renkin one of the main characters Tokiko
Tsumura is treated by the main
protagonist sister who wraps her up in
bandages heavily resembling shishio
makoto more buso Renkin trivia one of
the weapons in the series is called
sword samurai X which is a reference to
read on occasions western title samurai
X what tsuki actually like the Western
title that he wanted to put it in this
new franchise with this reference when
Saito meets up with Kenshin and missile
in Ginga through village he thinks of
Megumi as a kitsune or fox woman Kaoru
as a tanuki or raccoon girl and missile
as a weasel girl in Japanese folklore
the kitsune and Pinocchio are thought of
as ominous spirits the kitsune would
take the form of a beautiful woman who
seduces and tricks men the tanuki also
takes on the form of a woman but is
thought of as much more mischievous than
the kitsune missiles weasel girl
nickname could be a reference to the
kamaitachi but it is more than likely at
Saito calls her a weasel because of
missiles sneaky nature and childlike
posture moron Kenshin's name while the
name his master gave him literally means
sword heart or heart of sword his
original name cinta could have been
written with the kanji for big heart
there was a follow-up arc plan to be in
line with the mangas ending the Hokkaido
aura could follow antihero Saito set
asaji row and a few other characters as
they journeyed north a direct reference
to this was made in one of the extra
chapters of the ririn Kenshin manga
where our she tells Kenshin that Saito
has headed north to Hokkaido not knowing
what kind of mission he is on but that
he's doing fine as usual the symbol on
Sano scales back is a Japanese Kanji aku
which translates into evil he continues
to wear this symbol as a mark of loyalty
to his former comrades in the city
bowtie army but also to never forget
that they were falsely branded traitors
and that no government is free of
injustice
no more hero otsuki's favorite moments
in anime are the introduction of Saito
and his battle with caption and the
goodbye scene between Kenshin and kuru
when he leaves for Kyoto he thought of
those moments as the most memorable
scenes in the anime saying the director
got it just right can you recognize Yuji
Oh ADA the voice actor for Sasuke Sagara
in the following roles hiroyasu who ADA
from chobits
johannes crowds of the second from
detroit metal city abba rainbow from
digit-chart resolve kimbley from full
metal alchemist jean havoc from Full
Metal Alchemist Brotherhood Mario and
Giulio Renato from Gundam build fighters
akitoki hojo from the new yasha billy
category from Gundam the blow and
finally Takeshi or Brock from Pokemon
there we go that's it for this episode
of did you know
rurouni kenshin I'd like to thank all of
you who watch and support his channel
the website our Facebook page and the
reworking shop like and share this video
and subscribe to this channel it really
helps us out a lot and it like literally
only takes a couple seconds thank you
for watching and have a great day